- ALL RIGHT, GUYS,
LET'S PLAY.
- COME ON, RAY.
TURN OFF THE TV.
- [groans]
- THIS IS WHAT YOU DO NOW, HUH?
YOU PLAY BOARD GAMES.
- I JUST LIKE GAMES
'CAUSE IT'S SOMETHING
WE CAN ALL DO TOGETHER.
- OH, YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
FAMILY FUN.
COME ON,
LET ME KICK YOUR ASS.
- MARIE, COME BACK HERE!
- YOUR FATHER IS IMPOSSIBLE.
- YOU KNOW I DON'T LIKE
MY ORANGE JUICE WITH PULP.
- IT SAYS RIGHT HERE,
"NO PULP."
- YOU AND THAT
ARE LIARS.
- I'LL GIVE YOU BOTH 100,000
IF YOU GO HOME RIGHT NOW.
- THE CARIBOU LODGE
IS CLOSED TODAY.
SO HE'S HANGING AROUND
THE HOUSE,
AND HE'S MAKING ME
MISERABLE.
- YOU AIN'T DOING THAT MUCH
FOR ME EITHER.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
THE LODGE IS CLOSED?
- WE'RE HAVING
SOME FINANCIAL TROUBLE
DUE TO A RECENT THINNING
OF THE HERD.
- THINNING OF THE HERD?
- THE OLD MEN ARE DYING.
- YEAH, WE'RE DOWN
TO FOUR DAYS A WEEK NOW.
IF THINGS KEEP GOING THIS WAY,
WE MAY HAVE TO CLOSE ALTOGETHER.
- OH, GOD, NO!
- YOU GUYS
NEED SOME NEW BLOOD?
- BLOOD, HIPS, HAIR--
WHATEVER YOU GOT.
- YOU KNOW, FRANK,
I KNOW THAT, UP TILL NOW,
THE LODGE HAS BEEN
A MEN'S CLUB,
BUT IF YOU WERE
TO CONSIDER...
- FOR...GET...IT.
- YOU KNOW WHAT THEY DID
AT MY PARENTS' COUNTRY CLUB?
- I DON'T THINK
ANYBODY WANTS TO HEAR
A FANCY COUNTRY CLUB STORY
RIGHT NOW, DEAR.
- IT'S NOT
A FANCY COUNTRY--
[sighs]
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY DID?
THEY HAD SPECIAL
RECRUITING EVENTS.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- RECRUITING EVENTS
TO ATTRACT NEW MEMBERS.
THEY HAD A WINE TASTING,
A CASINO NIGHT, A LUAU.
- OR YOU COULD RAID
A NURSING HOME.
- SINCE THIS
IS A MEN'S CLUB,
YOU COULD HAVE
A MANLY, FOOTBALL-WATCHING,
MEAT-EATING PARTY.
- I LIKE FOOTBALL.
I LOVE MEAT.
BUT WE CAN'T.
- WHY NOT?
- WELL, O'NEAL USED TO HANDLE
ALL THAT PARTY CRAP,
AND HE WAS PART
OF THE THINNING.
- WELL, I MEAN,
YOU COULD DO THIS, FRANK.
ALL IT IS IS A PARTY
AND THEN SOME FOLLOW-UP
PHONE CALLS TO THE GUESTS.
WHEN I WAS IN PR,
I USED TO DO IT ALL THE TIME.
- WELL, MAYBE YOU COULD
DO IT AGAIN.
- ME?
- WE'LL PAY YOU.
- I'LL PAY YOU.
- I MEAN,
SHE'S NOT GOING TO DO THAT.
- WHA--
EXCUSE ME.
I MIGHT WANT TO HELP THEM.
I HAVE THE TIME.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
YOU'VE GOT PLENTY
TO DO AROUND HERE, RIGHT?
I MEAN, THE PLACE
IS ALL MESSY AND...
AND...
TAKE IT, MA.
- DEBRA IS
A WONDERFUL HOUSEKEEPER.
GET TO THE LODGE.
- HEY, DEBRA'S HERE!
[laughs]
- THANKS, GARVIN.
HOW YOU BOYS DOING?
- WE'RE TERRIFIC.
HOW'S OUR FAVORITE
BUSY BEE?
- OH, GREAT.
I'VE GOT ALL YOUR MEMBERSHIP
RECORDS TOGETHER HERE,
AND TOMORROW, I'M GOING
TO PUT THEM ON THE COMPUTER.
all: OH!
- DIDN'T I TELL YOU,
FELLAS?
O'NEAL COULDN'T DO THAT
EVEN WHEN HE WAS ALIVE.
- DEBBIE, YOU'VE BEEN WORKING
ALL WEEK.
WHY DON'T YOU PUNCH OUT
FOR THE DAY?
- YEAH.
HAVE A DRINK WITH US.
I'M BUYING.
- STAN'S BUYING.
WOW, DEBRA, YOU'RE HERE
ON A HISTORIC OCCASION.
- I'M NOT BUYING FOR YOU.
I'M BUYING FOR DEBRA.
- COME ON, DEBRA.
GET OVER HERE
TO THE WATERING HOLE.
- WATERING HOLE
BECAUSE WE'RE CARIBOU.
- ALL RIGHT, FELLAS.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
THANK YOU.
I'VE GOTTEN A GREAT RESPONSE
TO THE FOOTBALL PARTY.
- YOU MUST'VE PUT YOUR PICTURE
ON THE INVITATION.
- AW, ALBERT!
- HEY, DEBRA, I WAS THINKING
OF ANOTHER FUND-RAISING IDEA.
THE CARIBOU FOLLIES.
- OH, YEAH?
- OH, YEAH.
BACK IN THE SERVICE,
WE USED TO PUT ON SHOWS,
YOU KNOW,
WHERE WE DRESS UP LIKE BROADS
AND DANCE AROUND.
- SOME OF US STILL DO.
- HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT, WE
COULD DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT
WITHOUT
THE DRESSING UP PART.
- MM, IF YOU GUYS WANT TO HAVE
AN EVENT LIKE THAT,
WE COULD DO IT RIGHT HERE.
I MEAN,
YOU ALREADY HAVE A PIANO.
- AND WE GOT
A PIANO PLAYER.
HEY, HAL, SADDLE UP.
- ALL OUR NUMBERS
ARE BEFORE YOUR TIME, DEBRA.
- OH!
[upbeat piano music]
OH, NO, I KNOW THIS ONE.
COME HERE. LISTEN.
[singing]
BEI MIR BISTU SHEIN
PLEASE LET ME EXPLAIN
MEANS THAT YOU'RE GRAND
- IT'S LIKE
OUR OWN PRIVATE ANDREWS SISTER!
- DO SOME MORE.
all: [singing]
BEI MIR BISTU SHEIN
AGAIN, I'LL EXPLAIN
IT MEANS
YOU'RE THE FAIREST IN THE LAND
I COULD SAY BELLA, BELLA
EVEN SAY WUNDERBAR
EACH LANGUAGE
ONLY HELPS ME TELL YOU
HOW GRAND YOU ARE
- HEY, RAY'S HERE!
[laughs]
- HI, HONEY.
- HEY, HI, HEY.
HI, EVERYBODY.
SO HOW'S WORK GOING?
- FINE, YEAH. BUSY.
WHAT'S UP?
- NO, JUST A BUNCH
OF THOSE RSVP THINGS
YOU WANTED
FOR THE FOOTBALL THING.
- OH, THANK YOU.
- YEAH.
SO, UH, YOU GOING
TO COME HOME SOON?
- YEAH, I STILL HAVE
A FEW THINGS LEFT TO DO.
- DO YOU KNOW
"CHATTANOOGA CHOO-CHOO?"
- PARDON ME, BOY?
- THAT'S IT!
[laughter]
- SO YOU'RE ALMOST DONE HERE
THOUGH, RIGHT?
'CAUSE MOM'S OVER,
AND SHE'S TALKING TO ME
A LOT, SO YOU KNOW...
MAYBE YOU COULD
COME HOME NOW?
- COME ON, PAL,
GIVE HER A BREAK.
- RAYMOND'S KIND OF
A KILLJOY, HUH, FRANK?
- GETS IT FROM HIS MOTHER.
- HEY, I'M NOT A KILLJOY.
I JUST DON'T ENJOY
SING-ALONGS.
- I GUESS THE JOKES
ARE FROM HIS MOTHER TOO.
- [laughs]
- ALL RIGHT. OKAY.
WELL, HAVE FUN
PLAYING WITH YOUR FRIENDS,
AND THEN I'LL
JUST BE HOME...WAITING.
- YOU KNOW WHAT, DEBRA?
YOUR WIFE'S A NAG.
- WOW, I'M TIRED.
- YEAH, YOU MUST BE.
YEAH.
NEXT TIME, YOU SHOULD
TELL THE GUYS,
"GO EASY
ON THE UP-TEMPO NUMBERS."
- HEY, I WORKED HARD TODAY.
YOU JUST HAPPENED TO COME IN
WHEN WE WERE SINGING
AND DRINKING.
- MM.
I UNDERSTAND.
IT'S GOT TO BE EXHAUSTING
ENTERTAINING THE TROOPS...
FROM THE CIVIL WAR.
- YOU KNOW, RAY,
YOU WERE WELCOME TO JOIN US.
- I WAS?
YOU MEAN I COULD HAVE HUNG OUT
WITH MAX AND ALBERT
AND RIP VAN GASSY?
- I LIKE THEM,
AND I LIKE
HELPING THEM OUT.
WHY DOES THIS
BOTHER YOU SO MUCH?
- DOESN'T BOTHER ME.
IF THAT'S HOW YOU WANT TO ENJOY
YOUR TWILIGHT YEARS, GO AHEAD.
- YOU ARE SO IMMATURE.
YOU MAKE FUN OF THEM
FOR BEING OLD.
- HEY, THEY MADE FUN OF ME.
- YEAH, WELL, I HOPE YOU'RE
AS CHARMING AS THEY ARE
WHEN YOU'RE THEIR AGE.
- I CAN BE THAT CHARMING
RIGHT NOW.
HEY, TOOTS!
HEY, 23 SKIDOO!
[singing] BUFFALO GAL,
WON'T YOU COME OUT--
[coughs and gasps]
- YOU KNOW WHAT, RAY?
AT LEAST THOSE GUYS
ARE APPRECIATIVE OF WHAT I DO.
AND I'LL TELL
YOU SOMETHING ELSE.
IT'S VERY NICE
HAVING SOMEBODY
BE A LITTLE ATTENTIVE
ONCE IN A WHILE.
- OH, COME ON.
- NO!
I MEAN, THOSE GUYS
COMPLIMENT ME ON MY IDEAS
AND TELL ME
HOW GREAT I'M DOING.
THEY'RE COMPLETELY GRATEFUL
TO HAVE ME AROUND.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
I BET THOSE GENTLEMEN
COULD TEACH YOU A THING OR TWO.
- [scoffs]
LIKE WHAT?
HOW TO WEAR MY PANTS UP HIGH?
- [scoffs]
THAT'S ENOUGH JOKES, RAY.
- YEAH.
GROW HAIR OUT OF MY EARS.
- ENOUGH, RAY.
- DRIVE WITH MY BLINKER ON.
- RAY!
- OKAY, SORRY.
YELL AT A SQUIRREL.
- OH.
- REUSE A TEA BAG.
HEY.
- HEY.
- LISTEN, UH...
I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT, UH...
I HEARD WHAT YOU SAID
LAST NIGHT
ABOUT, YOU KNOW,
BEING APPRECIATED,
AND I'M SORRY--
SORRY FOR ALL THE DUMB JOKES.
YOU KNOW,
I THINK IT'S NICE,
WHAT YOU'RE DOING
WITH THE OLD GUYS.
- WELL, THANKS, HONEY.
THAT'S REFRESHING.
OKAY, I'M GOING TO THE LODGE.
- WH--
NOW?
- YEAH.
I'VE STILL GOT
SOME MORE WORK TO DO,
AND THE COMPUTER'S
COMING TODAY.
- OH, WELL, YOU BETTER
GET DOWN THERE.
THEY'RE PROBABLY
SITTING IN FRONT OF IT,
WAITING FOR "MANNIX"
TO COME ON.
SORRY.
SORRY. IT'S NICE.
IT'S NICE, WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
- OKAY. THANKS.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
- BYE-BYE.
[door closes]
[groans]
[video game laser blasts]
- HELLO, RAYMOND, DEAR.
DO YOU HAVE A MOMENT?
- NOT REALLY.
I'M KIND OF SWAMPED.
- THIS WON'T TAKE LONG.
- HELLO, RAYMOND.
- HI.
HI, HILDA.
MS. PECHI, MS. LOPMAN.
- HELLO, RAYMOND.
- IS DEBRA HOME?
- I SAID I'D HANDLE THIS,
HILDA.
RAYMOND,
IS DEBRA AROUND?
WE NEED TO TALK WITH HER.
- ACTUALLY, SHE JUST
WENT DOWN TO THE LODGE.
- OH!
- AGAIN?
- WHAT?
WH-WHAT'S THE MATTER?
- I HAVE TO TELL YOU
THAT WE FIND
THIS WHOLE SITUATION
A LITTLE TROUBLING.
- WHAT--
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
YOU WERE ALL
FOR THIS SITUATION.
- YOUR WIFE
IS OUT OF CONTROL.
- HILDA.
RAYMOND, I THINK YOU SHOULD
SUGGEST TO DEBRA
THAT SHE DOESN'T NEED
TO GO TO THE LODGE ANYMORE.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN, MA?
SHE'S DOING GREAT,
AND THE GUYS LOVE HER
DOWN THERE.
- OF COURSE THEY DO!
- SURE, THEY DO.
- THERE'S SOMETHING
QUITE INAPPROPRIATE
ABOUT A GIRL LIKE HER
PARADING AROUND IN FRONT
OF A GROUP OF MEN.
- IT'S SHAMEFUL.
- HILDA, MAYBE YOU
SHOULD WAIT IN THE CAR.
- MA, DEBRA LIKES HER JOB,
AND SHE SAID
IT'S BEEN GOOD FOR HER.
- IT'S NOT RIGHT.
DEBRA'S HAVING
AN INFLUENCE ON THE MEN.
- ALBERT COMES HOME,
AND ALL I HEAR IS,
"WHY CAN'T YOU FIX YOURSELF UP
LIKE DEBRA?"
I CAN'T COMPETE WITH THAT.
DEBRA'S UNDER 60.
- THAT'S RIGHT.
SUDDENLY, MY ARTIE
HAS ALL THIS PENT-UP ENERGY.
WON'T LEAVE ME ALONE.
HE'S PINCHING,
MAKING KISSING NOISES.
I CAN'T GET MIXED UP
IN THAT NONSENSE.
- OKAY, OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
- RAYMOND, YOU KNOW
THAT I LOVE DEBRA.
BUT I HAVE TO TELL YOU,
AROUND MEN,
SHE HAS AN AIR.
- AN AIR?
- YOU KNOW...
- ALL RIGHT!
FIRST OF ALL, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
SECOND OF ALL,
DON'T DO THAT.
- HEY, RAY.
OH, HEY.
- SHOULDN'T YOU BE AT THE LODGE
WITH THE REST OF THEM?
- WHAT'S WITH YOU?
- MOM'S BRIDGE CLUB
APPARENTLY IS A LITTLE UPSET
OVER DEBRA
WORKING FOR YOU GUYS.
- SHE'S A FLOOZY.
- AW, COME ON.
SHE JUST DOES
SOME PAPERWORK FOR US.
- WELL, SHE'S GOT MY JOE
GOBBLING HEART PILLS.
- YOUR HUSBAND'S
GOBBLING HEART PILLS
BECAUSE HE'S HAD A 50-YEAR
LOVE AFFAIR WITH HAM.
- SO HOW COME,
THIS WEEK,
ARTIE USED UP
A FULL BOTTLE OF AQUA VELVA?
- BECAUSE WE COULDN'T GET HIM
TO USE TWO BOTTLES.
NO OFFENSE, BUT YOUR HUSBAND
HAS A PROBLEM.
WE CAN SMELL HIM
UNDERWATER.
- I SMELL A COVER-UP.
- YES.
- YOU KNOW WHAT, YOU LADIES
ARE OUT OF YOUR MINDS.
NOW I'M GOING TO WATCH THE
FOOTBALL GAME WITH MY PANTS OFF.
- ALL RIGHT.
LET'S GO. LET'S GO.
RAYMOND, RAYMOND.
RAYMOND, PLEASE.
JUST KEEP AN EYE
ON DEBRA, WILL YOU?
- YEAH, I WILL, MA.
- AND, FRANK,
I JUST WANT TO SAY...
- I'M ABOUT
TO START SCRATCHING.
- OH!
THANKS, DAD.
I WAS NEVER SO HAPPY
TO SEE YOU OPEN YOUR PANTS.
- ALL RIGHT, THEY'RE GONE.
LISTEN.
YOU GOT TO MAKE DEBRA QUIT.
- WHAT?
- GET HER OUT OF THERE.
- WHAT--
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
YOU JUST SAID
EVERYTHING WAS FINE.
- I LIED.
THE TRUTH IS,
THE GUYS AT THE LODGE ARE...
OGLING YOUR WOMAN.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
IS DEBRA
REALLY FLIRTING WITH THEM?
- NO, NO, NO, IT'S NOT HER.
IT'S THE GUYS.
THEY STARE AT HER,
AND THEN THEY EXCHANGE LOOKS
WITH EACH OTHER,
AND THEN,
WHEN SHE LEAVES THE ROOM,
WELL, LET'S JUST SAY
THERE'S BEEN SOME...
COMMENTARY.
- OH, MY GOD!
- I KNOW.
I HATE HEARING
THOSE THINGS.
DEBRA'S LIKE
A DAUGHTER TO ME.
AND YET, THESE MEN
ARE MY BROTHERS.
IT'S A PICKLE,
I TELL YA!
- WELL, WHAT DO THEY SAY?
- YOU DON'T NEED TO KNOW.
JUST GET HER OUT OF THERE.
- WAIT, WAIT.
WHAT DO THEY SAY?
- I'M NOT ALLOWED,
DON'T YA GET IT?
I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO TELL YOU
WHAT GOES ON AT THE LODGE.
IT'S THE CODE
OF THE CARIBOU.
- ALL RIGHT.
LOOK, YOU'RE NUTS, OKAY?
THE WHOLE THING'S PROBABLY
BLOWN WAY OUT OF PROPORTION.
- CERTAIN THINGS ABOUT HER
HAVE BEEN MENTIONED.
- LIKE WHAT?
- HER ANKLES...
HER GAMS.
THAT'S LEGS.
HER, UH...
DERRIERE.
- WHAT?
- DON'T MAKE ME
GO HIGHER.
- WHAT THE HELL
GOES ON DOWN THERE?
- SON, IT'S...
IT'S TIME YOU KNEW SOMETHING
ABOUT THE CARIBOU.
THEY'RE PIGS.
WHERE YOU GOING?
- I'M GOING DOWN
TO THE LODGE, OKAY?
I'M GOING TO TALK
TO YOUR FRIENDS.
- YOU DIDN'T HEAR THIS
FROM ME.
YOU DIDN'T
HEAR THIS FROM ME!
- SO I HAVE ALL THE RSVPs
FOR THE FOOTBALL PARTY ON HERE,
AND THEN, IF YOU DRAG
THIS FILE OVER HERE
AND OPEN IT,
THERE'S THE FOLLIES.
- HEY, THAT REMINDS ME.
WE WERE WORKING
ON A NEW SONG,
AND WE WERE THINKING
WE'D LIKE YOU TO SING IT, DEBRA.
- WHO, ME?
- YEAH!
- WELL, I MEAN, I GUESS I COULD,
IF YOU NEED PERFORMERS.
- COME OVER HERE
TO THE PIANO, DEBRA.
LET'S GIVE IT A WHIRL.
- OKAY.
- HERE YOU GO.
HAL, A LITTLE
"PUT THE BLAME ON MAME."
[upbeat piano music]
- [singing]
PUT THE BLAME ON MAME, BOYS
PUT THE BLAME ON MAME
- HEY, HEY, WAIT!
YOU KNOW
WHAT WOULD BE FUN?
GET UP ON TOP OF THE PIANO
WHERE EVERYBODY CAN SEE YOU.
- NO!
YEAH?
- YEAH!
- OKAY.
- HURRY UP.
[piano music starts]
[singing]
PUT THE BLAME ON MAME, BOYS
PUT THE BLAME ON MAME
- ALL RIGHT,
THAT'S ENOUGH!
- HEY, RAY'S HERE!
- SHUT UP, GARVIN.
- RAY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
- IT'S ALL RIGHT, DEBRA.
COME ON, YOU CAN COME DOWN NOW.
- HEY, WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE
OF A REHEARSAL HERE.
- YEAH, WELL,
THE SHOW'S OVER, MAX.
DEBRA, COME DOWN.
I HAVE SOMETHING URGENT.
IT'S AN IMPORTANT THING
TO TELL YOU.
- OKAY.
- HERE YOU GO.
- HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY,
NO TOUCHING!
- RAY, STOP!
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
THEY'RE JUST BEING NICE.
- NO, NO, NO.
I KNOW YOU THINK
BECAUSE THEY'RE OLD,
THEY'RE ALL CUTE
AND SWEET AND GRANDPA-Y.
THEY'RE NOT.
THEY'RE DIRTY,
FILTHY MEN.
- RAY!
- IF HE CALLS ME OLD AGAIN,
I'LL PUT HIM
RIGHT ON HIS ASS!
- I'M SORRY, GARVIN.
RAY, MAYBE YOU SHOULD GO.
I APOLOGIZE, GUYS.
- NO, NO! THEY SHOULD
BE APOLOGIZING TO YOU.
- WHAT FOR?
- LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING
ABOUT
YOUR CHARMING GENTLEMEN.
THEY'RE ANIMALS.
THE MINUTE YOU TURN
YOUR BACK ON 'EM,
THEY'RE TALKING
ABOUT YOUR DERRIERE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND...POINTS NORTH.
- THAT'S NOT TRUE.
YOU GUYS WOULDN'T TALK
LIKE THAT ABOUT ME, WOULD YOU?
MAX?
- I JUST WANTED
TO LEARN THE COMPUTER.
- OH, YEAH, COME ON,
YOU MEAN TO TELL ME
THAT YOU ALL HAVEN'T BEEN
SAYING THINGS ABOUT HER?
- I CERTAINLY HAVE NOT.
I HAPPEN TO BE MADLY
IN LOVE WITH MY WIFE.
- AND I'M ENGAGED.
- HEY, RAY.
I THINK YOU'RE
WAY OUT OF LINE HERE.
AND WHERE DID YOU GET
ALL THIS STUFF ABOUT US?
- YEAH!
- YEAH, WHERE?
- FROM ME!
- FRANK?
- YOU BROKE THE CODE!
- I DON'T CARE!
THE ONE TIME WE HAVE
A NICE LADY WORK HERE,
YOU GUYS HAVE TO ACT
LIKE IDIOTS.
I'M LIKE HER FATHER.
THIS ISN'T JUST
SOME LOOSE BROAD!
- THANK YOU, FRANK.
- COME ON, LET'S GO.
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
- WAIT A MINUTE,
WAIT A MINUTE.
I DON'T NEED YOU TWO GUYS
TO RESCUE ME.
I'M PERFECTLY CAPABLE
OF HANDLING THIS ON MY OWN.
[sighs]
I THOUGHT
YOU WERE GENTLEMEN.
I THOUGHT YOU APPRECIATED
THE WORK I WAS DOING HERE.
AND I THOUGHT
MEN OF YOUR GENERATION
WOULD HAVE A LITTLE CLASS.
I GUESS I WAS WRONG.
I HAVE TO SAY,
I'M VERY DISAPPOINTED.
LET'S GO.
- MARIE, I'M GOING TO PLAY
YOUR CARDS THIS HAND.
- ALL RIGHT.
I HAVE MORE SANDWICHES
IF YOU WANT.
- NO, THANKS.
- HEY, MA.
OH, HI, LADIES.
all:
HELLO, RAYMOND.
- MA, DID YOU SEW
THAT SHIRT BUTTON ON FOR ME?
- OF COURSE.
HERE. HAVE A SANDWICH.
- OH, THANK YOU.
- OKAY.
I'LL GO GET YOU THE SHIRT.
- ALL RIGHT.
OH, COME ON.
- UH, RAYMOND,
I THINK YOU MISSED A LITTLE
ON THE FLOOR THERE.
IF I WAS DEBRA,
I'D BE NICER TO HIM.